# FRAUD ARCHITECT
Generates fake logs that simulate anomalous and fraudulent patterns of user behavior.

## Philosophy
There are lots of fake data generators out there; it's easy to generate a list of 10,000 discrete names with properties.

* David Jonestown, M, 271-33-XXXX
* Stefanie Germanothers, F, 585-32-XXXX
* Neil Gregson, M, 596-36-XXXX

It's harder to generate a dataset that attributes behavioral patterns to those 10,000 names. So nobody does it.

FRAUD ARCHITECT does though.

Let's take one of these examples:

* Neil Gregson, M, 596-36-XXXX

What do you do when you see a log entry as follows:

* Leviticus P. Oatmeal, M, 596-36-XXXX

Ok, weird. He changed his entire name? It happens...

Then again, later, another entry for the same identifier during an application for credit:

* Leviticus P. Oatmeal, F, 596-36-XXXX

Now he's a female? What's going on here?

And then again later, perhaps after the application for credit is denied because the loan officer can't make heads or tails of it:

* Neil Gregson, M, 596-36-XXXX

Criminals abide by no zeitgeist and will in fact take advantage of it where possible. Is this a case of gender dysphoria or identity theft? We cannot make such a determination without further investigation; androgynous names and gender bending have been used before in an effort to generate synthetic identities. But FRAUD ARCHITECT will generate plenty of these sorts of cases for you to consider.

FRAUD ARCHITECT randomly generates stateful events modeled after random, anomalous and fraudulent user behavior over a period of time. This makes it ideal for testing fraud detection/auditing appliances, tuning machine learning algorithms, or just generating a ton of structured data for you to test your Logstash implementation with.

So just how well *can* your million-dollar black box tell the difference between normal and anomalous user behavior?

## Usage
This script requires the fake-factory module (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/fake-factory).

As it also makes considerable usage of RNG, it is highly recommended you run it using PyPy if you want to see results during this lifetime.

Run main.py and it will output resources/*.csv files containing snapshots of randomly-generated consumer data over a period of time.

## Current Status
Heavily in alpha. Expect soul-breaking changes often.

Support for financial transactions is forthcoming.

## Notes
This script has not been tested using standard CPython.

Be careful modifying and running this script in PyPy. By default it writes to a file in the /resources directory and will quickly surpass 1GB in size in a matter of seconds. I have hard-capped result output at 10,000 transactions (4MB). User-configurable parameters will come later.

## Disclaimer
All names and consumer data generated by this software is fictitious. No identification with actual persons, places, buildings, and products is intended or should be inferred.